# Thomson_J_Ghirmay_S_HW2

## Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)

Welcome to our Memory Game! This game challenges your memory by asking you to match pairs of cards hidden on the board. Below are some details about how we built this game and the resources we utilized.
We implemented the principles of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) to create a custom class for the game. This class handles the functionality of the game board and card interactions. Through OOP, we were able to organize our code efficiently and make it easier to manage.

## Technologies Used

### HTML, CSS, and JavaScript

We utilized HTML for structuring the content, CSS for styling the layout and design, and JavaScript for adding interactivity to the game.

### Sass

Sass was used as a preprocessor for CSS, providing us with features like variables, nesting, and mixins to streamline our styling process.

### Bundling and Modules

To manage our JavaScript code more effectively, we employed bundling and modules. Bundling allowed us to combine multiple JavaScript files into a single bundle for optimized loading, while modules enabled us to organize our code into reusable components.

## Installation
To install the necessary dependencies, run the following command:
npm install

## Usage
To start the development server, run:
npm start

This will start the development server and open your default web browser to the project's homepage. Any changes you make to your JavaScript or other supported files will trigger a live reload.

To build your project for production, run:
npm run build

This will generate a production-ready bundle in the dist directory.

## Configuration
While Parcel requires no configuration out of the box, you can customize your build by adding a .babelrc file for Babel configuration or by specifying additional build options in your package.json file.

Folder Structure
src/: Contains your source code.
dist/: Contains the bundled output generated by Parcel.


## Support

During our development process, we received assistance from Professor Marco and a tutor named Tiffany. Tiffany recommended a helpful resource, [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/), which offered further insights into OOP and module usage.


## Instructions

To play the Memory Game, simply click on the cards to reveal them. Try to match each card with its twin. If the cards don't match, they will flip back over. Your goal is to remember the locations of the cards and match them all to clear the board.

Enjoy the game and test your memory skills!